README.md, before:

# vscode-extension-pack-skeleton

A starter skeleton for VSCode extension packs - https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2017/03/07/extension-pack-roundup

## Getting started

Ensure that you have [nvm installed](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) and run `nvm install stable && nvm use stable` to use the latest stable version of Node.js. Once installed, run `npm i` to install the dependencies.

## Automatic publishing

For the included [GitHub workflow](.github/workflows/publish-extension.yml) to run successfully you need a VSCode marketplace [personal access token](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#get-a-personal-access-token) configured as a [repository secret](https://github.com/project-calavera/vscode-extension-pack-skeleton/settings/secrets/actions) with the key: `VSCODE_MARKETPLACE_TOKEN`.

<!-- # Introduction to Web Development Extension Pack

This extension pack contains the following extensions:

- [Extension name](link)

## Marketplace

You can find the extension pack on the marketplace at [Your extension pack name](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?)
-->

Commit message:

fix: add extension pack tools
Add extensions that form part of the pack.
Update README with details about the extensions.

README.md, after:

# Web developer extension pack for VSCode

A collection of extensions to improve the developer experience in VSCode for web developers. This does not include any extensions that are related to any framework. This extension pack covers the most commonly used extensions without adding a ton of bloat to your editor.

This extension pack contains the following extensions:

- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
- [SVG Viewer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cssho.vscode-svgviewer)
- [VSCode Axe Linter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=deque-systems.vscode-axe-linter)
- [JSON Tools](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eriklynd.json-tools)
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
- [Stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stylelint.vscode-stylelint)
- [YAML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)
- [Markdown Link](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint)
- [GitHub VSCode Theme](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.github-vscode-theme)
- [Image preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kisstkondoros.vscode-gutter-preview)
- [DotENV](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mikestead.dotenv)
- [Filesize](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mkxml.vscode-filesize)
- [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)
- [IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode)
- [VSCode icons](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons)
- [GitHub Codespaces](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.codespaces)
- [ToDo Tree](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Gruntfuggly.todo-tree)

## Marketplace

You can find the extension pack on the marketplace at [Web Developer extension pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?)
